You enter the elevator (or a lift, if you're feeling
particularly British this afternoon) and look around.
It doesn't have any glass walls like those fancy elevators
in the more better, but you didn't go to this exact mall
looking for something ordinary now, did you?

Anyway, the panel is broken with a single button glowing: 2.
This might imply you're either going to get two presents
at the end of this wacky adventure--or just that you'll get to
the two floor from here. You press the button,
the lift takes a second and then closes the doors,
hoisting itself up into the unknown.
#

As the doors open once again, the third floor greets you.
You take a step outside and immediately notice train tracks
with a Christmas-decorated train that rushes at a maddening speed
towards you. You get ready for another fight, afterall,
those apple strudels aren't going to buy and
then serve themselves on the Christmas family night!
#

                  FIGHT with CHRISTMAS TRAIN (LEVEL 3)

#

As you deliver the final kick to the train, exhausted,
it seems that all is not over yet. As you attempt to
take a moment to cool yourself after engaging with what
seems to be probably the second most expensive thing
this mall has to offer after the CEO's annual salary,
a weird zombie conductor pops out of the last cabin and head for you!
Or heads for your head!
Either way, you gotta start rolling those dice real quick now!
#

                  FIGHT with ZOMBIE CONDUCTOR (LEVEL 4)

#

The zombie conductor is helpless now, with you really feeling like
lady luck is on your side after another victory.
It seems that he had a bag of sorts
he was merrily wearing over his (now dislocated) shoulder.
#

Y: You gently kick the bag, trying to gauge its contents,
and you see a paper inside which has something scribbled over it.
It seems that the scribbles are instructions to prevent anyone from
entering the mall in hopes of getting a Christmas present!

What could this all mean?
#

You decide to avoid the obvious lore dump behind that
terribly loaded question and bravely turn your head the other way.
#

You march forward a bit and see two ways to proceed:
an escalator upwards

and door with a ladder icon painted over it.
#
